# HowI Solved Myself
## The Aaron Gonzales Story

My name is Aaron Matthew Gonzales and this is what I think happened to my family...

I started to think I was going to die a few months ago so I started to ask myself 1 question: "Do I really want to wait till I see god before I tell him 'My bad, yo'?" That question has completely changed my life.

I went on a searching inner journey and I kept pondering these profound questions which I probably will never go into, find a human as curious as me and you might get him to spill the beans. Not I, I would rather live in a world where ther only exist 1 Aaron Gonzales. Waking up and teaching an army of you would be exhilirating but at the same time it would damage my soul so irreprably that I would have to make ammends till the end of time to fix what little me's had wrought on the Universe. No this is an Aaron Gonzales unseen by the world in 33-34 years. This is a wide eyed little boy ready to question god without filter or restraint or even defference to his own safty. With that in mind I will breifely go over the process I started to Solve Myself. 

## The Solution was so Easy

I am a problem solver by nature. I am the kind of person who looks at a problem and thinks there are 2 ways to solve it. Then after my mind has the two solutions it does a cross product with the steps to see if there are different ways to come to the same conclustion. I know, Cross Product? what kinda jargon am I going to be reading. Mostly I use my words for effect so if you see me using words people normally do not use then please do not make an ass out of you and me. Let's just say that I am a punny guy who likes to drop hints as to what is to come. And if you speak my "language" you might find out that the concepts I am trying to get through with eloquence are magnified when I tie them to conceptual ideas found in Math and Science. Why Aaron do you operate like this, and yes I really do mean Operate. I am complex. I am something that is so terrifying my mind's only safety mechanism is to cut my brain power down by many magnifcations as to be able to be tolerated by those around me. I just came out of a CTS which I think stands for Crisis Trauma Stabilization Center, that experiece was not to different from many other times in my life. I am having a problem my loved ones do not believe me so I annoy them all until they do what I want. Now this is sub conscious mind you. I am quite capabale of burning down the world around me on my own. But that is where the story gets super messy. Who Am I? Am I a little boy trying to get out to show the world how good he is? Am I a Man dealing with tragedy and no one around me wants to admit that I am sane and this awful thing happened to me because like me they were blacking it out and now are being violently shoved into realizing im not whistling dixie. So lets move past those thoughts and just get the train on the track fill up the coal and toot toot our happy asses out of here. I seriously am cursing to tell you children that this might be written from the point of view of a child at some points but it is in no means a childrens story. My story starts about 2 months ago when my Aunt Elvia was about to have a party to celebrate her 65th birthday and wanted to the family to come and wish her well. 

## The Party 

By no means do I ever intend to accuse anyone of anything. All i have are broken memories but the tale I could weave together from these broken memories are so tragic I strain from breaking down and crying. wait, wait, don't, stop, breathe, listen to the music, breathe. Its going to be alright me. Okay the tears are barley streaming down my face and I am just slightly skewed and need to wipe my glasses. I swear i come up with new stuff for things all the time. I would rub the back of my hand knock my glasses to wipe my tears. Now I just rand my fore fingers to the crease in my eyes and wiped the streaming tears down my face to wick them away. I dont even know that im doing new stuff till i stop and say oh shit thats what I would do when I was 5 just find a different way to do everything. Once I found the different ways I put them together to make the fastest easiest way I could. You should see me fold button up shirts its so good you would say, "fuck i wish i could flip and rotate in my head". Or turn out an inside out t-shirt. It takes me 1 motion to go from inside out to right side and folded in another 2 motions. But again you will realize I am annoying you. This is what I do. I am taking so much time and effort to dance around the subject that I am actually thinking if i spew so much garbage on this page that people will have to do the work themselves and decide what is the story and what is the annoying bits Aaron is using to not talk about the thing he needs to talk about. So, my mom comes to me and a little back ground on I am a 39 year old man who moved back home during COVID, got sober. Controlled my adictions and deviations and have been trying to make up for a life I beileved gave them great harm. So like I was saying my mom comes to me and says, "You are going to Elvia's 65th birthday, that is the least you can do for us." That shocks me so bad that I'm like yeah I'll go say hi and leave. I start thinking about that abysmal family and start wondering why am I so hurt by them. It can't be how they treated Elisa, or how Charles treated me can it? Push those thoughts out of your head Aaron just play a video game all day and all night and everything will be fine. So that's what I did until the big day came up. I met my sisters potential, not really sure once all this comes out, fiance. I madew wontons which I called Won-Rita's for Won-ton and Burrita (a punny name we give food at my house). I "performed" for my favorite teacher Mrs. Perbetsky, but when the time came I made up some excuse and didnt go. The strangest thing happened my brother made up an excuse and I was like what the fuck? Why doesn't Adam want to go he goes over there all the time and works for them and everything. I started to think really hard, was what my mom told me when I was 9 really true? Were we just playing doctor or did something nefarius happen to me. 

## The House Warming

Things started to work after that party and it all settled for a bit but my mind has a way of solving problems when they are just sitting on the "tip of my tounge" so to speak. So thats what it did it went to work and the fisrt thing it went to work on was my mortality. I started to believe that I am human, I wont live forever, and when I die what am I going to say to my love ones if I cant even tell god. I am not religious or spiritual. My beliefs are in Mathematics so I think what we think of as god might be some extra dimensional entity that is beyond the stars like Beethoven said in Ode to Joy. So my mind just started to work out questions about myself. Is it okay for me to hit Amy when she takes my toy or am I responsible for my deeds. I posit that we are not a collection of our good deeds or our bad deeds. Everyone has that "coming to jesus" moment where they realize that god is only going to judge me on my deeds not what other people did to me. So if you go along that logic, you need to seriously be honest with yourself and identify what those issues really are. Like why did I get angry over a toy? Was it because Amy feels like my things are her's and her things are her's so when she takes sometihing I am using I autmoatically need to fight for it so she leaves it alone? Do I feel inferior to her because they all believe they invested into the right stock. They cultured the right flower and left the most beautiful once in a lifetime blooming plant to die under thier manuer? No it's none of that shit, its seriously that Aaron you took her toy she wanted it back you thought it was yours and you felt entitled and boom shit happened. Stop lying to yourselves to make yourselves feel better. It is a band-aid for your psyche. Yeah you can live today and tomorrow, but at some point you will experience stress, and that stress will bring everything up to the surface. So I had a feeling something was wrong with my family when I started to think I was taken advantage of by Elvia's wife Craig and her eldest daughter Rachel. I was told that what I was doing was just playing doctor, everyone does it. Well, if everyone does it why is there a camera involved. Why is an 18 month old baby involved? Why are we naked? All these questions started to make me realize there is a huge chunk of time that is removed from my mind. It is like from 3-9 years old. Not saying that anyone should remember those years but I only have 3 terrible memeories from those years and I believe that if i can go thorugh the memories completely that I will have unlocked all the good memories that are trapped near these terrible memeories. So my sister bought a house and I was the "Chef" they say chef but what they really mean is Aaron has been cooking for so long and it taste good that we just let him do everything for use cause he does it all and we dont have to do anything. My cooking has gotten better but as to my standard I am at a short order cook level of culinary skill. So I got really drunk and tried to sleep it off. Well I'll tell you what I actually started the process of healing that night. I didn't lie to myself. I forgave myself for the guilt I was holding on to. And I truly apologized with my heart and sould to my god. Stop it Aaron. You cannot keep writting if you are crying thats just good manners for the audience. Okay back to present. Once I did that honest recoloection realized I needed to apologize to my god for my wrong doing I started to come to terms with what those monsters did to me and my cousins and possible to my borther and sister. It was a rough night but I got through it. 

## Only God Can Tell some things in this world Mom

I know a powerful line but after the house warming, the 3 memories started to come back up in clearer and clearer detail. I am getting a very frightening picture in my mind about abuse and I want to tell the only person who I think loves me the way I would like to be loved. What a terrible idea that was. As soon as I said the title of the Chapter her eyes flushed completely read and I could tell if you do this like this without her getting used to the idea you will kill her. So like a frog in a pot of water I gently turned up the heat on my mom. It has taken about 3-4 weeks of subtly dropping hints to my mother so that she can come to terms with it. Once I let it all out they wanted to commit me to a psychiatric facility and have me held for 3 days involuntarily. Well to try and lock up a sane person because you don't believe them is a terrible thing to do to anyone. Let alone to an intelligent person. I did not lie to anyone. I told everyone with complete sincerity. I am dealing with Neanderthals and they would rather lock me up than believe what I am saying to get 3 minors some help. That is the stupid that I have had to live my whole life around. I am starting to regain my memory completely and the story I am going to finish is going to be the worse possible case senario and I believe that that may infact be the reality that I was rased in. So they tell me, don't take your phone Aaron they will consfiscate it. So stupid to listen to people who are highly limited in thier capacity. There I am sitting in a psych evaluation ward. Elated that I don't have to hold in this secret anymore and that finally someone with Authority will hear my pleas and go check out those kids that are still in contact with that monster. Low and behold they let me down. Give me some drugs to calm down. Watch me for like 14 hours. They tell me this is normal for survivors of tradgedy and send me on my way. Of course my parents don't pick up the phone or the nurse dialed the wrong number. But there you go after that terrible day I have to walk 10 miles home thorugh a not so nice area. I know you are stocky Mexican, Aaron, you can walk anywhere. Well let me tell you, when you get to an open flied and the din of cackles are so loud they invade your thoughts. Your size, stature, and phisical appearance is going to matter little to hungry monsters teaming up to fulfill thier awful desires. If you are lucky will be picked clean instead of so damaged that you are a shell of what you were. Left to rot and hopefully never recover so your monsters can live out their happy lies. I know, don't you mean lives, no I mean Lies. Meintiedas in my native language. They are so blinded by reality and thier need to have constant fun that I bet you everyone is blacking out this terrible memory and doing mental backflips to try and escape. But its too late. I pulled the rip cord. I released the hell hounds. Now it is only a matter of time before people start finding out that Aaron Gonzales is talking about being molested by his Uncle Craig and his cousin Rachel. The other victims may need to stay silent for thier well being but I do not need to stay silent anymore. I have found out how to love myself and that means not holding back whats hurting me to spare others anymore. I love my family, it might be stockholm syndrome, but for me its true love. I love so powerfully that if my Mom or my Cousin Chris were to murder me I would apologize to them, forgive them and tell them I love them before I died. That's how hard I love, I love so much I am willing to take all the slings and arrows. I am willing to prostrate myself on the table and allow you all to poke and prod me to find out that it might just be true and the victims might just be so damaged that they cannot even bring themselves to say out loud the memories they are trying so hard to keep down. 

## The Hard Part 

Now here is where it gets all fucky. I have no clue how this is going to turn out. I felt like no one in my home was listening to me. I was making allegations that were so terrible that no one wanted to take the next step and call the authorites. They were all blinded by fear. Why? I have no memory of anyone in my family doing anything wronge. But you have to ask yourself. Why is my mom so depressed that something bad happened to her son? Is it because she blames herself as a mother? Or is it because she is hiding the fact that she was molested and it was so terrible she blacked it out and now since I am dealing with it all those around me are being painfully reminded of something they are trying to forget. I can tell there is a problem. I asked my brother if he wanted to hear something and instead of being supportive like he has been, he flatyl said "No", then I stared at him puzzled until he said "Okay, What?" I am starting to think an abuser lives across the hall from me so I am locking my door. I tried to warn them all lets get people help before a deep dive happens. Lets get all the skeletons out cause what I just did that I will tell you about now is calling in all the Sherrifs, FBI, Police, and CPS to take a look and see if anything from my memory is true. People are going to jail I think, people may die, but I am hoping that this act will stop the next Generation of Craig, Elvia, and Rachel Davis' from being unleashed onto the world. Back to the story. I told my sister about what the worse case senario would be and she called the police. Bravo, Amy, You did it. I didn't know how things would turn out so I couldn't throw that gernade myself. I tried to get my family to call in the heavy guns but they are so dense I think they think thier bad behavior is going to be shown. When really its just to save some innocent lives. Who cares what happens to us if we can help heal others who were hurt by this monster. Thats what I dont get. So I'm rambling, I spoke with the police and informed them of what I thought was going on and that it could be so bad that it involves neighbors kids. They asked if I would get checked out and I told them, yes I will comply with everything. I ranted and raved in the car to get everything off my chest. I spent about 6-7 hours in the CTS and told the therapist that I am trying to get them to slowly realize that the issue is not that I am insande. The issue is that everyone is hiding from a truth that is so terrible thier minds wont let them remember. The only reason I am forcing myself to remember is because I dont want to die and not be right with god at least. I Truly believe that there is something beyond this and if i can have a chance to see my Grandma again and give here a hug I will do whatever I have to. Suffer whatever injustice for that chance. And this time im not going to order my self to stop crying. I am weeeping with joy. Its like my faviorite meotion now. So happy you are crying is so much better than trying to let out all the despair. The professionals sit with me while i make a report to the Child Abuse Hotline and they clear me to go home. This is normal. Whats the first thing that happens. My sister acts like she knows better than the therapist. She tells them I have to say i need to stay for 24 hours. I politely explain to her that I will trust a liscensed professional before I would trust you. My mother sounds so sad that I won't be taken away for a few days because she is so sad that she cannot deal. I try and tell them that this is normal. I just need time, love and support. I try and gently make the suggestion that she should go visit my sister, or maybe go to the place I was just at. It's 24hours mom they could check you out. "There's nothing wrong with me" she says. I totally see it in her eyes that she is dying inside. I am just trying to stay away from everyone because I have no idea what happened and I love them so much that if they are remembering now is the time to get help since they are going to look at us so finely that any skeletons are going to be let out for everyone to see.

## The Sad Part 

I have no idea how many lives, familes, people this is going to destroy. But if it stops other people from becoming sexual predators that prey on children I am more than glad to destroy all the lives necessary to stop the cycle. I am no saint. I am a piece of shit who was molested as a child and subconsciously used that as an excuse to act wretchedly. My only saving grace is that it was so traumatic I get nervous around children and that feeling makes it impossible for me to do to someone what I had always felt, if not remembered till now, was done to me. I would like to tell everyone who is dealing with what I am dealing with to Love yourself. Forgive yourself. You are not a collection of your worse deeds, you are not a collection of your best deeds. You are a world of art. A fine symphony. An aged bottle of wine. You are never really finished and always being improved. What happened to you is not your fault. The only way we can take back power from the Monsters that hurt us, according to Jim at the CTS. "Speak up so they can't do it to others" (Parapharasing, i wasn't having my best moment when I was bawling my heart out to him). I love you world and I would never destroy you, but I am starting to think you need to get fucked with as payback. 

## The Prediction 

I am not special I am not unique. This probably happened to all my cousins, to all my aunts and uncles, to all our nieces and nephews. This is a multi generational problem I believe. I am not accusing anyone or placing blame on anyone. What I am about to write is bullshit that would need to be checked out. But if i were to weave the tale of my family I would start with Craig's Dad. I would tell a tale about a man who molested his neighbors and his son. Tunred his son and his daughter inlaw into copies of himself. They were let loose on Orange crest and created copies of themselves to lure in the neighborhood kids so that they could fulfill thier sick desires. I have no hate or anger for anyone, but the questions i need answers to no one wants to talk to me about it. Like was my mom's generation molested by Craigs Dad? How much does Elvia know about Craig? When she told my mom he told her he molested his daughters was that a ploy to see how my mom would react to her sister being a child Molestor. What happened to Chris and Elisa? And was my brother like Rachel or was he like Me? I am really worried at this point the killer is inside the house. I am so glad I had Amy call the cops. I need help that it seems like people around me dont want me to get. 

-Aaron Gonzales 


## Update

After filing a report with the child abuse hotline. Talking to police and telling them everything about child porn on our home computer. My dad having pornography that was a dubbed tape of a 1970's Kay Parker film called Incest that I found when I was a little kid. Adam and Dad started acting really weird. I understand that they are pretty limited in thier capacity. So I have been spilling my guts on Text Messages to Christopher Valenzuela, a possible survivor or predator. I shared this git with him and with a college buddy and he said. You dont want to make me your enemy or You mine. So that tells me something is going on. I am at my wits end and I have decided the only thing I can try and do is to save myself. I will Recount as much as I can right now while everything is still fresh. I will then make this git public share it with Will and tell him if he doesnt hear from me please give this to police. 

## Incident 1

The first memeory i have is my grandma catching Rachel Laying on me. My pants are unbuttoned and so are hers and she is mimicing sex. I dont understand what is happening at the time but i understand we are getting in trouble. The questions I have a terrifying. Does my grandma know that little kids do this because her children were being Molested by Craig's dad and she is stupid enough to believe that normal kids do this? Does she not tell anyone about this? Why does Rachel know how to do this at such a young age. The answers to those questions are things that we all need to clarify going forward. 

## Incident 2 

The second memory i have is utterly pulverizing. I am being directed by Craig. I think he is holding a camera or poloroid and he is directing me to put my fingers inside his baby daughter while his older daughter is laying next to us masturbating. I am terrifyed and just doing what they say. I can only get a little bit into this memory before my brain shuts me off and doesnt give me more to work with. 

## Incident 3

The next thing that comes to me is that I am about 8 or 9. I am not really sure but we have the family computer and Adam is sitting on the computer showing me how to hide and unhide a special folder on the computer. The folder contains a lot of pictures of Child Porn, Bestiality, and Playboy models I think. He is giggling and showing me. I feel like he has been abused and he is proud of the abuse, and may have took pleasure in abusing others. 

## Incident 4

This is the most terrifying incident I can recount. Its only context is that I am taking a bath/shower with Chris. I remember telling my mom I dont want to take showers with my cousins that I want to take a shower alone. But she is telling me its no big deal and that we have to save water. Probably the lie Elvia and Craig tell themselves. But the memory is of Chris laying ontop of me. We are both so young that our penis' do not get hard. In the memory I am thinking why are we doing this. It seems like its something we have been trained to do. 

## Incident 5

I am unsure if this is a memory or a feeling. But I am almost positive that Elvia and Craig wanted me and Chris to spend the night at thier house to make it easier for Craig to molest us. My mom told me about 10 years ago that Craig admitted to molesting Rachel and Allison. I thikn that is a lie. I believe that Elvia is a predator and she was seeing how breaking the news to my mom about someone she loves is a predator to see her reactoin. The feeling I get is that I am scared because me and Chris are in the shower with Craig and in comes Elvia. She is holding towels and CHris has this look of fear in his eyes. She smiles at Craig leaves the towels on the closed toilet. Leaves the room and closes the door behind us. The terrifying thing is that we are taking a shower with Craig in his Masterbedroom Shower. 

## I love you all But 

I aint got no more time to live with people who are abusing me. Physically, Emotionally, and Sexually. The sexual abuse might have stopped. I'm still trying to figure out what made Craig stop the abuse. I have a feeling that I challenged him. My smart little ass said Fine ill go to jail and get out when im 18 and you will go to jail forever. I'm not sure if thats my psyche making that up to make me feel better. But its something that I hope is true but probably isn't. I am still recovering my memories. Dad I love you, you are stupid, and I dont know if you were all buddy buddy with Craig. Stupid people do stupid things. Look at Adam's life. Only a low life would be proud of threatening to beat up a Kid by corralling all the people he knew because he is too scared to confront someone alone. Only a moron would get taken in by check fraud and only a fool would trust the word of a mentally ill person. I know why you dont want to get him help. It's the same reason Adam didn't wnat to help lola. He didnt give a shit and was just waiting for her to die. You guys want to know why that dog went down hill so fast. Adam is so stupid he played way too ruff with here that when I got to that poor baby I had to watcher her day and night for 36 hours till we got her some help and put her down. You are all staying silent and that is your choice I cant help that. But I will not stay silent. I will write books. I will go back to school. I will make a great name for myself despite this. If you ever need me I will always be there because I love you. But I can't be around people who are in such denial they can't even bring themselves to ask some hard questions. 

# I hope you all change your ways. If you can't be honest with yourselves how's it going to be when you have to see Grandma and God. I am getting right to see her again.

# Mom i Still love you, I will never give up on you or Dad 
# Amy We have our Differences but I never tried to screw you over. yeah i teased and retaliated you
# Dad you make me so angry that you can't see I am just trying to warn you all that the police will find all the stuff you do. EVEN ON YOUR IPAD
# Nini, Chris, I have no idea what your part in this is I can only assume since you are staying so quiet that I shouldn't contact you anymore
# The Rest of the World. I Love myself more than others. If it took me being Abandonded by my family so be it. I wont stop trying to be better than the day before
